everybody Branden viglirolo here for techrepublic and today I want to show you a few of the tips and tricks for navigating video recording in a zoom meeting by default it's it's pretty easy for the meeting house. to record a copy of a meeting. all you got to do if you're in a meeting is basically the big record button in the middle of the bottom of your screen food I'll show you in a moment. if you want to let participants record. video. can be a little trickier used to make sure you got a couple things. A4 starter. this is not this is just for individuals using Zoom if you're at an enterprise-level where you're accessing Zoom through your account. like my colleagues at techrepublic have an actual. company-wide Zoom set up you're going to have to have an administrator so probably someone in it go through here. INXS sitting here to Grant permission for. a participants to record video and for hosts of a of a meeting to grab those participate. individual he was a zoom in home either socially or in a small business or with other co-workers who are track working remotely for the time being. you can change how you allow people to record video by signing into the zoom web portal at Zoom. Us. once you're signed in go over to the settings page the personal settings page which I have up right here. and then the second tab across the top is recording. make sure you go over there and you have local recording top of on for yourself. and hosts can get participation. for a participants permission to record locally make sure that box is checked as well and you'll be able to Grant participants. I am meetings the ability to record video separately from the one you. I'm so we pop over here to zoom I actually already have a meeting set up with myself. and I am. going to show you. how I would record if I was in record here locally so if I was in record the meeting that I'm hosting. I just write down here on the bottom. click on record. and right now recording a starter. you can see it right over there. worst thing is recording right now I can pause or stop it right there I can also pause and stop at down here on this bar this actually splits the entire. a button area right there down into two pieces. so anywhere inside that area you can click the pause or then stop. once you stop the recording. you look over here on the upper right-hand side you'll see it says it's going to be converted to an mp4 in the meeting ends and that's how it'll do that it'll basically. save your memories if you're a musician let you keep the meeting going. without buffering and trying to save a video and when you're done It'll ask you where will I save it and what have you. and it'll process that after the meeting. if you want to Grant a participant the ability to record. all you got to do is. open up that manage participants window which I had open before. go over here to the participant in this case I'm the hoe. and I'm also get over this. I click on the more button here. and you can see these options here it doesn't show. giving the person permission to record. here normally will especially for you if you're sharing a meeting with people who are also using the desktop. in this case I've got an Android phone sitting on my deck. that's running the meeting as well so I can demonstrate what this looks like but Android and iOS devices can't record video in Zoom so that option won't even show up here for. if it was available it would show right here you know give permission to record. you can also tweak your recording settings. if you are on the main screen so there's some some settings. to to adjust while you're recording so if you go over to the main home screen either by dragging your meeting out of the way. or a enemy. Hangover 2 settings. and go to record. if you go over here you can change where you store the location of the location of the meetings restored you can optimize them for editing you can record separate audio files etc etc all the settings right here. can be adjusted. that's it for how to Tweet videos in Zoom or to allow participants record for techrepublic on Brandon velia Rollo be sure to stay tuned for more zoom tips and tricks just like this. 